Documents
    Serves as a repository for arbitrary textual data, media etc.
    Each user has their own document repository where they can upload anything withing allowed quotas.
    Document owner can choose to publish it to other selected users or publicly.

Accommodation
    Students can find available dormitory accommodation as well as information about school-owned canteens.
    Dormitory fees are paid using electronic account accessible and manageable from this agenda.

Noticeboard
    Globally visible space where notices can be posted by the school administration, IS administration or other authorized personnel.
    Notices have assigned priority and target group, only members of the target group can see the notice.

Discussion Group
    All registered users can join discussion here with both read and write access.
    Any registered member can start and moderate new topical group.
    Each course has associated discussion group moderated by teachers of the course.

Teachers Notebook
    There is one notebook per course taught, one user can teach any number of courses simultaneously.
    List of students enrolled in the course is available, students can be graded and group emails can be sent to all students of the course.
    Teacher can choose to be notified of any posts in the discussion group associated with the course.
    Teacher can upload materials for the course and set visibility of the uploaded materials.

Student Agenda
    Student can access materials for enrolled courses and browse catalogue of all available courses.
    Student can display summary information about their studies and statistical comparison to other students.
    Study related events, such as new awarded course points or seminar attendance info, are aggregated in the agenda.
    Student can choose to monitor any discussion group, new events from the group will pop up as events in the agenda.

Supervisor Agenda
    Course supervisors can use this agenda to upload materials for the course.
    Submitted homework can be viewed by the supervisors for grading, feedback for students can be posted here.

Publications
    Active members can list their publications such as journal entries and books.
    Any visitor to the site can browse and search for publications submitted by the users.

E-Learning
    Active members can prepare E-courses using provided tools and templates.
    Courses can be labeled and categorized based on difficulty level, topic, estimated completion time etc.
    Any visitor to the site can start any E-course, however progress saving is only offered to registered users.
